Cloud changelog - July 27th release (#6515)
mattermost/docs: source/install/cloud-changelog.md

 - Updated the user interface so that system admins no longer appear editable by system/user managers in the System Console.

#### Administration
 - Using ``https://github.com/reduxjs/redux-devtools`` in production builds is now allowed.
 - Added a new feature flag, ``DataRetentionConcurrencyEnabled``, to enable/disable concurrency for data retention batch deletion. Also added a new configuration setting  ``DataRetentionSettings.TimeBetweenBatchesMilliseconds`` to control the sleep time between batch deletions.
 - Added a setting under **System Console > Guest Access > Show Guest Tag** to remove the **Guest** badges from within the product.
 - Added Apache 2.0 license to the public submodule.
 - Added the ability for admins to hide or customize the "Forgot password" link in the login page.
 - Modified the OAuth/SAML flows to include ``desktop_login`` where applicable.

### API Changes
 - Added an API endpoint ``POST /api/v4/user/login/desktop_login``.

### Bug Fixes
 - Fixed an issue where drafts would persist after sending an ``@here`` mention in the right-hand side.
 - Fixed an issue where the "New messages" toast appeared on channels that were completely visible.

>  - Fixed an UI issue related to profile popover on channel member search in right hand side panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an UI issue related to profile popover on channel member search in the right hand pane.
```

- [Release 2023-07-11](#release-2023-07-11)
- [Release 2023-06-26](#release-2023-06-26)
- [Release 2023-06-13](#release-2023-06-13)
- [Release 2023-05-31](#release-2023-05-31)
- [Release 2023-05-01](#release-2023-05-01)

## Release 2023-07-27

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - The emoji picker view modal is now displayed on mobile browsers.
 - Prepackaged v1.2.2 of the Apps plugin.
 - Prepackaged Focalboard plugin version 7.11.1.
 - The current user object is now updated more frequently.
 - Updated the user interface so that system admins no longer appear editable by system/user managers in the System Console.

#### Administration
 - Using ``https://github.com/reduxjs/redux-devtools`` in production builds is now allowed.
 - Added a new feature flag, ``DataRetentionConcurrencyEnabled``, to enable/disable concurrency for data retention batch deletion. Also added a new configuration setting  ``DataRetentionSettings.TimeBetweenBatchesMilliseconds`` to control the sleep time between batch deletions.
 - Added a setting under **System Console > Authentication > Guest Access > Show Guest Tag** to remove the **Guest** badges from within the product.

>  - Added Apache 2.0 license to the public submodule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added Apache 2.0 license to the public submodule, explicitly signalling to [pkg.go.dev](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/mattermost/mattermost/server/public@v0.0.6) the license in play for this source code.
```
